Astro CLI Reference Doc + Command Changes (#710)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-config-set.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro config set"
title: "astro config set"
id: astro-config-set
description: Reference documentation for astro config set.
---

## Description

> Update configurations for a locally hosted Astro project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update any part of the current configuration of your Astro project as defined in the `.astro/config.yaml` file. The configuration in this file contains details about how your project runs in a local Airflow environment, including your Postgres username and password, your Webserver port, and your project name.
```

| `local.registry`     | The location of your local Docker container running Airflow             | Any available port             |
| `postgres.user`      | Your username for the Postgres metadata DB            | Any string             |
| `postgres.password`  | Your password for the Postgres metadata DB            | Any string             |
| `postgres.host`      | Your hostname for the Postgres metadata DB            | Any string             |
| `postgres.port`      | Your port for the Postgres metadata DB            | Any available port             |
| `project.name`       | The name of your Astro project         | Any string             |
| `webserver.port`     | The port for the Webserver in your local Airflow environment          | Any available port             |
| `show_warnings`      | Determines whether warning messages appear when starting up a local Airflow environment         | `true`, `false`             |

:::info

Some possible configurations are not documented here because they are used only on Astronomer Software.

:::

## Examples

```sh

> ## Set a username for your project's postgres user
> $ astro config set postgres.user postgres

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set your Webserver port to 8081
$ astro config set webserver.port 8081
```

I think this is the most common example tbh
